when the trash winds up on the beach, reheat the plastic, and melt it into strands of 
varying lengths and thicknesses. that can be used as cloth for clothing, for some parts of rope.
so rope with plastic. put a few long strands of plastic, with or without metal in the middle of the plastic
and then get a few pieces of hemp, raimie, sisal, wool, al paca, camel and maybe gold, platinum, aluminum and brass
and wind that into rope. 

what that does, when you make cloth out of it for pouring resin over, is makes it so that you get the strength of the hemp
and the resin soaks into the hemp and bonds it to the wood or foam, and then you also have the added rigidity of metal and 
reinforcement. 

so you can use about 1/8 inch thick foam to overlay the above thing on eitehr side(sandwich construction)
and the abve thing will be about 5/24 of an inch


and then you sandwich that between two ( of the following)

(1/16 or 3/32 of an inch thick laminate layers that  are comprised of multiple strips of different species of wood)
1 layer is glued perpendicular to the other layer and it just reinforces the bonds to no end. 

but this thing will only be about 3/4 inches thick?

the way to connect them to eachother is the following:
at 3 points on all 4 sides of the things. put the follwoing. 

first, 
velcro that overlaps twice and a half and just has some modest (30lb pull force) bar magnets on the inner surface.
then put some rubber that is sandwiched between agin laminate layers of cork with bar magnets (maybe 3 pieces or one oddly shaped one)
that covers the holes and has 3 4x1 blocks of wood that over lay the outer hull we'll call it
and have 60 lb bar magnets that connect blocks of wood to eachother to provide a skeleton and basic shape and curve to the hull


and then on the top, you use 1 40lb bar magnet inlayed on block of wood and then 1 40lb bar magnet inlayed on the other piece of wood
and this is where you can attatch the hull to the skeleton, get the shape right, and attatch all of the interior and structures to the hull. 

I don't think you'll have to increase the magnet strength, i think you can do it like that and then you can just get panels and construct them by hand
safely, cheaply and efficiently. 


